Add EDITOR_GUIDELINES (#47)
RustMagazine/rustmagazine: EDITOR_GUIDELINES.md

## Principle

The Rust Magazine editorial team is committed to the following principles:

- Providing accurate, informative, and engaging content that serves the Rust community
- Encouraging diversity and inclusiveness in our content and authors
- Ensuring that all content is of high quality and adheres to editorial standards
- Promoting the growth and advancement of the Rust programming language

## Responsibilities

As an editor for Rust Magazine, your responsibilities will include:

- Call for articles from the community for each issue
- Writing articles for the issue if you have an idea
- Reviewing and editing articles submitted by authors
- Assisting authors with improving the quality and clarity of their content
- Ensuring that all articles are accurate, informative, and engaging
- Collaborating with other editors and the Rust Magazine team to plan and execute editorial initiatives
- Promoting Rust Magazine and its content on social media and other channels (prefer)
- Staying up-to-date with the Rust community (prefer)

## Joining

> If you are interested in joining the Rust Magazine editorial team, please fill this [Google form](https://xxx) with the following information:

Author: We need to update the Google form link after we prepare it. Cc. @LCrossman

- Your name and brief background in Rust programming
- Your experience and qualifications as an editor
- Your availability and time commitment (optional)

## Exit

In the event that you need to step down from your role as an editor for Rust Magazine, we understand that life circumstances can change. We kindly request that you inform us of your intentions by sending PR to move your profile into alumni section.

We are grateful for your contributions to Rust Magazine and would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your time and dedication to the publication. We wish you all the best in your future endeavors and hope that you will continue to be a part of the Rust community.

## How to maintain Rust Magazine

### Zine

> Rust Magazine is powered by [zine], a user-friendly static site generator designed specifically for magazines. Familiarity with zine is a valuable asset in maintaining the magazine as it offers built-in code blocks, such as the `urlpreview` to display an OGP preview of a URL, and `quote` to highlight someone's sentence, this is a good use case for an interview article. The repository and accompanying [documentation](https://zineland.github.io/) are great resources for getting started with zine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rust Magazine is powered by [zine](https://github.com/zineland/zine), a user-friendly static site generator designed specifically for magazines. Familiarity with zine is a valuable asset in maintaining the magazine as it offers built-in code blocks, such as the `urlpreview` to display an OGP preview of a URL, and `quote` to highlight someone's sentence, this is a good use case for an interview article. The repository and accompanying [documentation](https://zineland.github.io/) are great resources for getting started with zine.
```

Author: We declared the zine link in line 103 😄

### Tracking issue

> For each magazine issue, it is recommended to create a dedicated GitHub tracking issue, such as [#4]. This gives us a bird-eye on the progress of the current issue, and can be closed after the latest issue has been published.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
For each magazine issue, it is recommended to create a dedicated GitHub tracking issue, such as [#4]. This gives us a birds-eye view on the progress of the current issue, and can be closed after the latest issue has been published.
```
